This is a OpenERP project Please install all the modules in OpenERP

There are 5 modules 
1. School
2. Faculty
3. Student
4. Schedule
5. Admission

School-module
    This is the primary module which contains the main menuitem and the 
    dependencies to be installed.
    
School-faculty
    This module stores all the information of all faculty to the database.
    the informations include
    1.Personal information include (IMAGE)(additional)
    2.Demographic information(additional)
    3.Contact informaion
    4.School information
    
School-admission(additional)
    This module creates new entries of student and is verified by admin 
    for correctness and if all entries are correct then a new record of a 
    student is made by copeing all the information from admission to student
    module
    
School-student
    This module creates all the new record of students and also takes records 
    made by admission module and views them by three views
    1. tree view
    2. form view
    3. kanban view(addditional)
    
School-schedule
    This module creates the schedule
     We have a way to know the schedule of subjects being taught in classes at 
     different times, for instance: If Class 5th, has the subjects Social 
     Studies, English and Math, at 11-12, 12-1, 1-2.A simple interface which
     shows the class name, shows the subjects and the times for these subjects 
     taught in class is there.
     There is action event registered to button (Confirm Schedule) 
     if this event is perfomed (button clicked)
     then
     1. if the record contains a new faculty record then a new record is made 
     and the schedule is copied to the respectively
     2. else if the record contains the faculty already in the schedule record
        then the record is only modified not new.
     3. if the time slot alloted is already booked then the record is not 
     modified in the faculty time table
     
 Finally, it is possible to track what teachers are taking what subjects, and what class. It is also possible to know a teacher's schedule by the class and the subject he/she is taking.
 
 Thankyou,
 Developed By,
 Kumud Shekhar
     
